=pod

=head1 NAME

App::Prove::Watch - Run tests whenever changes occur.

=head1 VERSION

version 0.3

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	$ provewatcher 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Watches for changes in the current directroy tree and runs prove when there are
changes.

=head1 ARGUMENTS

C<provwatcher> takes all the arguments that C<prove> takes with two additions:

=head2 --watch

Specifies what directories should be watched:

	# just watch lib
	$ provewatcher --watch lib
	
	# watch lib and t
	$ provewatcher --watch lib --watch t
	
This defaults to C<.> if not given.

=head2 --run

Allows you to run something other than prove when changes happen. For example if
you where using L<Dist::Zilla>

	$ provewatcher --run 'dzil test'
	
=head1 NOTIFICATIONS

If you install L<Log::Dispatch::DesktopNotification>, desktop notifications will
be sent whenever the overall state of the tests change (failing to passing or
passing to failing).

L<Log::Dispatch::DesktopNotification> is not listed as a prereq for this module,
it will not be installed by default when you install this module.

=head1 TODO

=over 2

=item *

Ironically, for a TDD tool, there's not enough tests.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

    Chris Reinhardt
    crein@cpan.org
    
=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute
it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

The full text of the license can be found in the
LICENSE file included with this module.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Test::Continuous>, L<App::Prove>, perl(1)

=cut
